Videos show in four quadrants
of the screen.
In the upper left, a male guitar
instructor appears.
In the upper right, Bon Iver performs
the song "Holocene."
In the lower right, a female guitar
instructor appears.
In the lower left, a video shows a man
on a beach making soap bubbles.
An iTunes window with a visualizer appears
in the upper left.
The male guitar instructor comes
forward in the upper left.
All the videos play
In the lower left, a man uses sticks to
create enormous bubbles with rainbow hues.
In the upper left, the iTunes visualizer
is made opaque over the guitar instructor.
A grey sticky note is brought on screen.
The cursor types: We're here to make
an idea reel. The cursor edits the word
"reel" so it reads "real."
The cursor types: a movie. It will be a
moving thing that brings response.
In the lower left, a beach scene
is blended with large, opaque bubbles.
In the sticky note, the cursor types:
The bicycle. The bee sting. Guitar string.
The video in the upper left show Bon Iver
performing on a dark stage with blue hues.
In the lower left, a video appears with a
hand working on a spinning bicycle wheel.
The cursor types in the sticky note: The
The shearsman strumming into being
the bread and the stone, which links us
to craft, which leads us to art,
which brings us to now.
The male instructor plays, opaque
beneath space imagery in the visualizer.
A bicycle wheel spins in the lower left.
The female instructor fingers the guitar.
Bon Iver performs on stage in the
upper right.
The cursor moves the sticky
note off screen.
A new sticky note appears on screen.
In the lower left, a video showing a
shoreline is brought forward.
In the sticky note, the cursor types:
We need words like water.
We need their circulations for turning
ideas, for truing them,
for bringing them into tune, the way a
wheel might speak through its spokes.
In the lower left, a man uses sticks
to make enormous soap bubbles.
In the lower right, a thumbnail video
of a male figure in front of a laptop
appears, opaque and barely visible.
In the lower left, the video with a
bicycle wheel comes forward.
The cursor types in the sticky note: Thus,
we, too, give voice through the wires.
We're drifting.
The cursor moves to the
lower left and clicks a hidden window.
The video with large bubbles and
shorelines comes forward.
The cursor types in the sticky note: like
sand or sea shifting over plates, like
wetlines changing place with the tides.
We're lifting. Collecting.
Spacing. And repeating.
Gathering before coming ashore.
In the lower left, opaque imagery shows a
young boy beachcombing. The imagery
is replaced by a view of an enormous
soap bubble awash with color.
The cursor moves the sticky note off
screen.
The cursor presses stop on the musical
performance in the upper right.
The cursor brings forward the iTunes
window and presses stop.
The cursor brings the male figure with a
guitar forward in the upper left.
The cursor moves the video with bubbles
and shorelines to the upper right.
Videos play: figures with guitars, soap
bubbles awash with color, a bicycle wheel.
A video appears in the bottom middle of
the screen partially blocking the others.
It shows two men in a lab setting
experimenting with soap bubbles.
Videos play: large bubbles on a beach,
figures with guitars, bubble experiments.
The video wheel with the hand working on
a bicycle wheel comes forward.
The bicycle wheel spins; the image pans
to reveal a figure working on the wheel
The video with bubble experiments comes
forward. Men examine bubbles.
Videos play: bubbles on a beach, guitar
instructors, bubble experiments.
The cursor moves the video with bubbles
and shorelines to the lower left;
it now blends bubbles and shorelines
with imagery of bees pollinating flowers.
In the upper right, the cursor presses
play on the Bon Iver performance.
The iTunes window comes forward and the
cursor presses play.
The cursor shuffles the iTunes window and
the male instructor in the upper left.
Bees pollinate flowers in the lower left,
blended with opaque bubbles.
The female instructor picks
and frets the guitar.
In the Bon Iver performance, the singer
steps up to the microphone.
The cursor adjusts the volume on the
iTunes window, then moves it off screen.
In the four quadrants, videos play: guitar
instructors, Bon Iver performing, bubbles.
A new sticky note is brought on screen.
The cursor types: Light casts movements
like blue or green or blue and green.
The tracings are breath or wind
or liquid flowings
The typing stops; the cursor brings
forward the video with bubble experiments.
A hand is submerged inside a bubble;
the hand moves out of the bubble
The sticky note is made opaque and blended
with the hand and bubble.
The cursor types: like skin turning
bubble and returning wet with mindsight.
The sticky note is no longer opaque. The
cursor types. The mixing laps at the
overlaps of image, song, word, or heard
whisper from a front porch.
Shh. . . .This is important.
In the upper left and lower right,
instructors finger guitars.
In the upper right, Bon Iver performs.
In the lower left, figures experimenting
with bubbles appear above waves.
In the sticky note, the cursor highlights
"Shh. . . . This is important."
The cursor cuts the phrase from the
sicky note.
The cursor presses stop on the musical
performance in the upper right.
The cursor moves the bubbles and shoreline
video to the upper right.
The cursor moves the sticky note off
screen.
The bubble experiments video comes
forward.
The video shows (in slow motion) a
metal ball thrown through the air.
The ball tears the edge of a bubble.
The bubble bursts.
A new sticky note is brought on screen.
The cursor pastes into the sticky note:
Shh. . . . This is important.
The cursor types: It's the healing of the
split. It's the organic mechanic opening
a window to say, we can change shape, we
can move together
as we do in this moment through the film.
In the bubble experiment video, a steel
ball sails through the air in slow motion.
The steel ball tears through the edge of a
soap bubble, and the bubble bursts.
The cursor moves the sticky note off
screen.
Videos play: figures with bubbles, guitar
instructors.
A video appears showing bubbles
floating in the air.
A video appears in the upper right showing
a bicycle wheel on a stand in a workshop.
A man plucks on the spokes of the
bicycle wheel.
In the upper left, the instructor plucks
the strings of a guitar.
Videos play: figures truing bicycle
wheels, figures playing guitars.
Text appears in the video
in the upper right:
The higher the tone, the tighter
the spoke.
A video showing a man making large bubbles
comes forward in the upper right.
Bubbles float through the air.
A figure trues a bicycle wheel in the
lower left, squeezing the spokes.
Videos play: guitar instruction, wheel
truing, bubble making.
In the upper right, the video shows a
humidity gauge and bees and flowers.
The cursor moves to the top of the screen
and selects Stop Recording.